# Description
This application can help clinical psychologists and talk therapists manage patients’ records.  It can also be used for statistical research into personality psychology. 

# Motivation 
I have used some of these instruments, such as the Adjective Checklist (ACL), to do cross cultural research comparing Asian and Western interpretations of personality and emotions. Scoring of these instruments involves a lot of data entry if it’s done with a paper and pencil format. This app instantly calculates several measures of personality based on the user input and generates resulting graphs and tables.

# Result
Using the MERN Stack and the Aylien Text Analysis API for Natural Language Processing, and several established personality measures, I was able to create an app that allows users to take personality tests and see instant results. I coded the graphs for the ACL results according to the specifications in the ACL Manual.   

# Challenges
I was pleased to find techniques for creating graphs and charts using React. The Mongo database maintains user stories from the Thematic Apperception Tests the user has completed, so they can take additional tests when they come back to the site. 
The traits generated by the checklist include nonstandard numbers of indicative and contraindicative adjectives. I had to come up with a js algorithm to handle the data and populate the graphs. 

# Improvements 
A future version of this app might include more psychological inventories for comparison purposes. I would also like to include translations of the instruments into foreign languages for cross cultural research. 

## React
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

In the project directory, you can run:
### `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
